OKTA-631100 New ISV submission experience with OIN Wizard (#4415)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-oin-app/main/saml2/test-instance.md

2. Specify the **Application label** and any integration properties required in the **General settings** tab.
3. Click **Done**. The **Assignments** tab appears.
   You can assign users to your integration later, see [Assign test users to your integration](#assign-test-users-to-your-integration-instance).
4. Click the **Sign On** tab.
5. Click **View SAML setup instructions** to open a new tab to your integration setup instructions. This is the customer configuration guide that you previously specified in the OIN Wizard.

> 6. Follow the instructions in your guide to setup the SAML SSO integration on your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Follow the instructions in your guide to set up the SAML SSO integration on your app.
```
